I'll quickscope it over go oh that's
fine that's not quickscoping but that's
fine and the sniper rifle
why not super it's got a super low rate
scope
alright quick scope sorry whatever you
think bro and my bullets explode yo man
we're gonna have a good game for walks
every one of those noobs all nights get
me really pissed when people are camping
me though everybody corner camping not
me though I'm running around quick
scoping like a fool
where'd you go though oh there you are I
just quick scoped you are you neck them
that pussy
that's the xm25 sniper rifle ok leavin
the paper half of it now it is grenade
launcher God why do people always say
that no it's a sniper rifle it's got a
long range projectiles it and it just
happens to explode no big book you don't
have to be accurate now the guns
available free to you did I know it is
but I don't use that stuff can't believe
I'm like super accurate with it and it
blows up well it definitely helps but
you know it's explosive rounds you know
it's the best sniper rifle in the game
pisses me off people using - all the
cheap guns you know
how to make some mockery the game you
know I hear ya hey Russ we killed each
other
Al's pretty cool huh dude I hope you
just joke around like that kind of joke
I thought you're gonna quick still with
me though no I don't do that
you know I quickscoper know I could
teach you yeah see I just cook again I
hope you're joking dude I'm an MLG
actually and I'm one of the best quick
Stover's in the world I was just like a
random sat in the shadows hey Ross you
know dude I spawned over there I killed
somebody and I laid down to reload Yeah
right yep you have me Ross - what are
you wanted that's better yeah I bet
you're not bitter quickscoping you know
I don't like your tone bro you want to
love you out me we'll see who the real
boss is yeah sure
i quickscope olena bro that's the one
way to do it okay make your own rule is
the rule brawler silly way to love you
one there is nothing else yeah quick
slow oh why why we have the quicker I
don't do that you're better than me no I
can t I don't do it all right obviously
I don't quickscope all right fine fine
well I'll use a quick scope but you have
to use Oh God that you're not very good
with it um okay my problem so what kind
of you choose there has to be a crappy
gun - oh that's alright cool it's not
crappy it's just someone I don't use
I can't hear you apparently um okay I
see well I was though you wounded me now
actually I didn't even hate you I'm like
flickering around do you hear yourself
well I think you hit me once I'll see
what the fuck bro clear he's a weak gun
I don't use this gun
what is it ever car
oh my god it's the best start of the
game bro that's not fair it's not the
best gun in the game and I never use it
so oh I see the fucking League match
faggots well you talk about rigged mash
just made lose now cuz I just shot at
you and I wouldn't hit you value see you
later
I know shot hit you bro don't be a sore
loser don't be such a sore loser bro
come on play it out don't be a pussy
let's do this it's funny I've killed you
twice but I only have one kill you kill
me once I would died one time
no nope no no yep see you later
hey look at that bro you're a sore loser
oh he got pretty made from